---
code: BA012301
title: General FAQ Additions
proposal-author: Valdorff
creation-date: 2023-02-01
external-status: open
summary: Additions or improvements to the official FAQ documentation located at on the [official documentation site](https://docs.rocketpool.net/overview/faq.html). Multiple added or improved answers can receive multiple payouts.
reward:
  unit: RPL
  max: 10
  min: 5
repeatable: true
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/january-2023-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-january-15th/1336/12
skillsets:
  - general-writing
  - protocol-knowledge
tags: 
  - documentation
contacts:
  - Valdorff
---

## Summary

Additions or improvements to the official FAQ documentation located at on the [official documentation site](https://docs.rocketpool.net/overview/faq.html). Multiple added or improved answers can receive multiple payouts.

## Required Milestones

### Milestone A - FAQ Contribution
**Payout:** 5-10 RPL per answer

* You must contribute new or improved answers to frequently asked questions to the Rocket Pool documentation.
* The contributions must be merged into the official documentation by the core team.
* The GMC must also approve the FAQ addition or improvement.
* Contributions must be factually accurate and should completely answer the linked question.

## Further Notes

Fantastic answers are not only accurate, but easily understood and shared. 

Some questions that recently come to mind are:
* How does Rocket Pool work? (high level intro)
* Do I get rETH as an NO?
* Why do we have RPL?
* What if rETH depegs?
* Why isn’t rETH 1:1 with ETH?

Further inspiration for additions can be found via the discord Rocket Watch bot, which contains community written answers to common questions. The support bot responds to the following commands in the official Rocket Pool discord server:
* `/support template list` - Lists the available support template topics.
* `/support template use` - Shows a specific template listed by name. 

## Verification
* Pull Requests to the documentation repository will be reviewed by a member of the core team. 
* The GMC will also review any contributions and will need to approve them. 
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange these reviews once you have made a pull request to the documentation repository. 

## Resources
* [Documentation Portal](https://docs.rocketpool.net/overview/faq)
* [Documentation Repository](https://github.com/rocket-pool/docs.rocketpool.net/blob/main/docs/overview/faq.md)
* [Rocket Pool Discord](https://discord.gg/rocketpool)