---
code: BA022305
title: Grafana Setup for Native Mode
proposal-author: jcrtp
creation-date: 2023-04-03
external-status: open
summary: Create a guide concerning the setup of metrics collection and the Grafana dashboard for Native Mode node operators.
reward:
  unit: RPL
  max: 10
  min: 10
repeatable: false
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/april-2023-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-april-15th/1637/6
skillsets:
  - technical-writing
  - node-operation
tags: 
  - documentation
contacts:
  - jcrtp
---

## Summary

Create a guide concerning the setup of metrics collection and the Grafana dashboard for Native Mode node operators.

## Required Milestones

### Milestone A - Metrics Setup Guide
**Payout:** 10 RPL  

* You must add a native-mode grafana and metrics collection guide to the official guide documentation. 
* You must replace all “Coming Soon!” content for Native Mode with detailed and complete instructions for metrics and Grafana operation in Native configurations.

## Further Notes

The Grafana dashboard is an important tool for assessing the health, stability, and income of a Rocket Pool node. Right now, “official” support is limited to Docker mode users. New users (especially those who are solo stakers intending to migrate) may run in Native mode configurations should have access as well so they can track their node’s performance as easily as Docker mode users.

## Verification
* Pull Requests to the documentation repository will be reviewed by a member of the core team. 
* JCTRP will also review any contributions and will need to approve them. 
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange these reviews once you have made a pull request to the documentation repository. 

## Resources
* [Node Grafana Setup Guide](https://docs.rocketpool.net/guides/node/grafana)
* [Node Grafana Setup Repository](https://github.com/rocket-pool/docs.rocketpool.net/blob/main/docs/guides/node/grafana.md)


