---
title: GMC Administrator
code: BA022314
status: closed
repeatable: false
summary: Develop and expand the process and intricate details pertaining to a more comprehensive GMC administrator position.
reward:
  unit: RPL
  max: 80
  min: 80
skillsets:
  - general-writing
date: 2023-04-26
author: Calurduran
contacts:
  - Calurduran
tags: 
  - dao-structure
discussion-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/april-2023-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-april-15th/1637/16
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/april-2023-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-april-15th/1637/16
---

## Description

This is a bit of a strange bounty submission, as I’m not sure whether the position is currently needed (though I suspect it is). But I would prefer the GMC fund it speculatively but reserve the right to keep it closed until it’s needed than have it not exist “on the books” and have a real need for it in-between grant rounds.

For every grant that the GMC funds, there is a certain amount of regular administrative work that goes into ensuring its success. For every bounty that the GMC funds, there is an even more substantial amount of work that goes into ensuring its success (e.g. bounties are rarely fully fleshed out and often require further research and specification, someone needs to publicize them, answer questions about them, and keep track of submissions). The GMC has to date been using the liaison system. I think that might work for grants, but as the number of bounties increases (and note that there have already been many, many more bounties proposed this round), I think the liaison system is going to break down. The volunteer members of the committee have likely not signed on to this position with the idea of being the managers for multiple bounties and multiple grants on top of the regular committee work of scoring applications.

I would therefore propose the creation of a part-time GMC Administrator. It would be up to the GMC to set the scope of the position. At the minimal end, it could be the person who is strictly responsible for the operations and administration of the bounties process. At the more expansive end, that might expand to include grant administration or even to the administrativa of the day-to-day committee operations. The administrator would be considered a non-voting, non-multisig ex officio member of the GMC for as long as they were in the position. They’d therefore be part of any private GMC discussions but would not weigh in on the scoring of applications or grant/bounty award decisions.

## Requires

## Optionals
* No optional criteria.

## Further Notes
* No further notes.

## Resources
* No relevant resources.