---
code: BA022307
title: Liquid Stakers FAQ Additions
proposal-author: jcrtp
creation-date: 2023-04-03
external-status: open
summary: Additions or improvements to the liquid stakers FAQ section of the Rocket Pool official documentation. Multiple added or improved answers can receive multiple payouts. 
reward:
  unit: RPL
  max: 2
  min: 2
repeatable: true
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/april-2023-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-april-15th/1637/9
skillsets:
  - general-writing
  - liquid-staking
tags: 
  - documentation
contacts:
  - jcrtp
---

## Summary

Additions or improvements to the liquid stakers section of the Rocket Pool official documentation. Multiple added or improved answers can receive multiple payouts. 

Note, that this section does not exist at time of writing.

## Required Milestones

### Milestone A - FAQ Contribution
**Payout:** 2 RPL per answer

* You must contribute new or improved answers to frequently asked questions to the Rocket Pool documentation.
* Contributions must be to the liquid stakers FAQ section. If not present, this section should be added. It should be located [here](https://github.com/rocket-pool/docs.rocketpool.net/tree/main/docs/guides/staking).
* The contributions must be merged into the official documentation by the core team.
* Contributions must be factually accurate and should completely answer the linked question.

## Further Notes

While the documentation is thorough in its walkthroughs of how to swap tokens, we still see a lot of questions in Discord about the process and the options. That implies there is an audience for an FAQ section on the docs for liquid stakers which is unfortunately missing. Adding one would help prospective liquid stakers that aren’t familiar with (or comfortable with) our Discord get the answers they need regarding common questions about the token and the swapping process.

## Verification
* Pull Requests to the documentation repository will be reviewed by a member of the core team. 
* JCTRP will also review any contributions and will need to approve them. 
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange these reviews once you have made a pull request to the documentation repository. 

## Resources
* [Documentation Portal (Liquid Stakers Section)](https://docs.rocketpool.net/guides/staking/overview)
* [Documentation Repository (Liquid Stakers FAQ)](https://github.com/rocket-pool/docs.rocketpool.net/tree/main/docs/guides/staking)