---
title: RPIP Review
code: BA062302
status: open
repeatable: true
summary: Contribute a reasonable impact towards the review or verification of a ratified RPIP.
reward: $50-$500
skillsets:
  - review
  - general-writing
date: 2023-11-28
author: ShfRyn
contacts:
  - ShfRyn
tags: 
  - governance
discussion-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-6-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-november-11/2263/3
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-6-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-november-11/2263/3
---

## Description

Contribute a reasonable impact towards the review or verification of a ratified RPIP.

## Requires
* Identification of an issue that would impact Rocket Pool governance effectiveness in the vote text for an RPIP.
* The RPIP is successfully ratified, and the GMC deems the completed work removed a significant bottleneck in the RPIP ratification process.
* New process verification steps that can capture the issue in the future must be submitted through a pull request to the RPIPs repository if they are not covered by the existing checklist.

## Optionals
No optional criteria.

## Further Notes

The compensation will be determined considering the time saved, the importance of the RPIP, and the severity of the issue:

* **High Severity**: This issue would invalidate a vote or necessitate immediate rework, such as cases where the vote text is actively misleading, as observed in the a35u incident.
* **Medium Severity**: This issue requires clarification during an ongoing vote or necessitates rework in the near future. For example, the quorum requirement in RPIP-4 led to a revote for the sake of simplicity.
* **Low Severity**: This issue can be rectified by RPIP editors after the vote, encompassing general aspects like spelling, grammar, formatting, and similar concerns.

The impact of individuals’ contributions will consider effort, time saved, and severity (eg, “without this contribution, the vote would’ve been invalid”).

**Expiry**
* This bounty expires after 3 months.
* This bounty expires after a total of $5,000 has been distributed via this bounty.

## Resources
* [Draft Checklists](https://github.com/rocket-pool/RPIPs/pull/89)