---
code: BA062304
title: Rocket Pool Scorecard
proposal-author: Valdorff
creation-date: 2023-11-28
external-status: open
summary: Write or Review the content for a Rocket Pool scorecard in the same theme as the [Lido Scorecard](https://lido.fi/scorecard).
reward:
  unit: USD
  max: 8000
  min: 100
repeatable: false
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-6-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-november-11/2263/5
skillsets:
  - general-writing
  - protocol-knowledge
tags: 
  - documentation
contacts:
  - Valdorff
  - ShfRyn
---

## Summary

Write or Review the content for a Rocket Pool scorecard in the same theme as the [Lido Scorecard](https://lido.fi/scorecard).

## Required Milestones

### Milestone B - Content Creation
**Payout:** 100 - 6,000 USD

A large part of this bounty is for Bounty Hunters to determine what information should be included on this scorecard. The goal is to accurately represent Rocket Pool while highlighting its unique strengths in relation to competitors. With that in mind, we provide the following guidelines. 

* Content should be split into separate items with the status 'good', 'okay' or 'needs improvement'.
* Items should accurately highlight the strengths and weaknesses of the Rocket Pool protocol in its current state.
* Items should cover common areas of interest and concern for users of the Rocket Pool protocol and its competitors.
* Items should be written in accessible and easy-to-understand english.
* Items should cover the level of risk to stakeholder groups within Rocket Pool. This includes:
  * The protocol DAO (pDAO)
  * The oracle DAO (oDAO)
  * The node operators (NOs)
  * rETH Holders
  * RPL Holders
* The amount of compensation will be based on the quality and quantity of content provided.

### Milestone C - Review
**Payout:** 100 - 2,000 USD

* Reviews may cover both copy editing and proof-reading. 
* Reviewers should ensure the factual accuracy of the scorecard.
* Reviewers should comment on the content selected for inclusion.
* Reviewers may suggest content for inclusion that they feel is missing.
* The amount of compensation will be based on the quality and quantity of review work provided.

## Verification
* Content and review submissions will be verified by the GMC.
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange this once you have work to deliver.

## Updates

* 2024-01-25 - Revised milestones
* 2024-02-01 - Anthias Labs completed milestone A
* 2024-02-19 - Removed milestone A and updated tags. Added milestone deliverables to aid content and review work.

## Resources
* [Rocket Pool Scorecard](https://rocketpool-scorecard.vercel.app/)
* [Rocket Pool Scorecard Repository](https://github.com/rocket-pool/RocketPool-Scorecard/) 
* [Lido Scorecard](https://lido.fi/scorecard)