---
title: Rapid Research Incubator
code: BA072301
status: open
repeatable: No
summary: Write actionable ideas to enhance the protocol's value and competitiveness against Ethereum threats such as Lido.
reward: 
  unit: USD
  max: 10000
  min: 250
skillsets:
  - general-writing
  - protocol-knowledge
date: 2023-12-28
author: epineph
contacts:
  - epineph
  - ShfRyn
tags: 
  - governance
discussion-url: https://discord.com/channels/405159462932971535/1176030152203972628
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-7-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-december-10/2422/2
---

## Description
The Rocket Pool protocol has grown substantially since launch, but is not keeping pace with Lido validator market share. Lido has plans to launch a more ‘decentralized’ option within a year, anticipated to allow home stakers to stake with 4E bond and 7.5% commission on the other 28E. This will likely threaten the value proposition and growth of Rocket Pool, but more generally the idea of credible neutrality and the decentralization of the Ethereum network. The RP protocol will need to adapt in multiple ways to meet this competition.

This bounty is meant to rapidly generate actionable ideas for ways forward to drive more value to NOs specifically and the protocol in general. The payment structure is intended to provide some financial reimbursement for diverse community members actively brainstorming solutions, as well as more heavily reward selected ideas that have a high likelihood of being translated into protocol improvements.

This is a chance to get paid for ideas which you think are great for the protocol, but that you might have previously felt were too radical. We are at a point where we need to think outside the box, and quickly.

The goal after initial brainstorming is to pick several promising ideas and fund further research to get them over the finish line, voted upon, and eventually enacted.

## Requires
This bounty requests community members submit a brief/abstract/document with specific/actionable recommendations regarding any of:

- Mechanisms that help balance supply/demand across the parties in the protocol: rETH, RPL, and NOs (for example, balancing commission --rETH vs NOs-- or balancing minimum RPL bond --RPL vs NOs).

- Mechanisms of alternative value capture for RPL (besides pure use as staked bond)

- Mechanisms and feasibility requirements for lowering ETH bond requirement for minipools

- Updates on the penalty system/MEV safety, including evaluating options for node level collateral

--

Suggested length of 0.5-3 pages on any topic above, including specifically which topic or topics it is intended to answer. The brief should include both perceived benefits and suspected drawbacks/downsides, further research/data/decisions needed, specific actionable recommendations, and general implementation ideas. The brief does NOT have to be polished or include complete data analysis/specific code; it will NOT be judged on English proficiency, grammar, etc.

--

The brief should be a single work you can link to, rather than referring to a series of posts/threads. A single individual can submit multiple works. It can be posted as a single discord post, a forum post, a GitHub submission, an uploaded document, and any other form that can be easily viewed.

Every serious submission will be considered. Between 13 and 17 submissions will be rewarded with $250-2500

Specific submissions/mechanisms that are felt to be the most useful/innovative/promising for eventual adoption will receive Gold/Silver/Bronze x3 prizes ($2500, $1500, $1000 (x 3) reward levels).

Additionally, 250$ will be paid to up to 12 individuals who submitted work but did not receive the above awards.

A maximum 10k USD will be dispersed based on these criteria.

## Optionals
- Highly prized qualities will be: specific actionable recommendations, high impact, innovation/uniqueness of ideas, persuasive discussion, evaluation of drawbacks/steel-man arguments, and feasibility from both technical and political (pDAO) standpoints.

## Further Notes
- There will be a committee to read through and review the briefs, with binding/non-negotiable power over assigning awards. A mechanism for non-binding community voting is also likely.

- The details of the decisions committee are still undetermined - this could be the full GMC, a subset of the GMC, or a body delegated this responsibility by the GMC; it may depend on the volume of submissions.

- The submission period will end 23:59 UTC on January 9th 2024 (note this is slightly prolonged from previously listed bounty. All serious submissions will be considered, with payments as noted below for top submissions.

## Resources