---
code: BA082303
title: Verify Reward Specification
proposal-author: Valdorff
creation-date: 2024-02-12
external-status: open
summary: Create an independent implementation of treegen (the tool used to generate rewards merkle trees for the Rocket Pool protocol) and use it to verify that a change to the rewards specification is implemented correctly in the official treegen tool. 
reward:
  unit: USD
  max: 1500
  min: 1500
repeatable: true
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-8-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-january-14/2558/7
skillsets:
  - development
tags: 
  - golang
  - docker
contacts:
  - Valdorff
  - ShfRyn
---

## Summary
Create an independent implementation of treegen (the tool used to generate rewards merkle trees for the Rocket Pool protocol) and use it to verify that a change to the rewards specification is implemented correctly in the official treegen tool. 

## Dependencies
* This bounty is only claimable when the treegen specification is changing. 
* The new rewards specification must be 'live' in that the specifications will be used for the next rewards distribution. 

## Required Milestones

### Milestone A - Treegen Implementation
**Payout:** Up to 1,500 USD

* You must create or update an independent version of treegen using the rewards specification without duplicating the new code from the Rocket Pool development team.
* You must work with the Rocket Pool development team to compare rewards tree outputs, and resolve any differences between the two implementations. 

The reward is set at 1,500 USD per new treegen specification. The reward for each specification will be split between bounty hunters that hand over the listed deliverables prior to the rewards specification being used. Open source treegen implementations will be given twice the weight when splitting the reward. 

## Verification
* JCRTP will verify that submitted candidates meet the requirements of Milestone A and resolve any differences in output. 
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange this once you have a candidate to deliver.

## Resources
* [Official Treegen Implementation](https://github.com/rocket-pool/treegen)
* [Treegen Specifications](https://github.com/rocket-pool/rocketpool-research/tree/master/Merkle%20Rewards%20System)
* [Rewards Tree Preview Thread](https://discord.com/channels/405159462932971535/1016190079808581723)