---
code: BA082402
title: Non-Custodial Staking As A Service
proposal-author: Valdorff
creation-date: 2024-02-12
external-status: unavailable
summary: Create a non-custodial staking as a service option similar to AllNodes.
expiry: 2024-07-14
reward: 
  unit: USD
  max: 80,000
  min: 80,000
repeatable: false
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-8-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-january-14/2558/6
skillsets:
  - development
  - protocol-knowledge
  - liquid-staking
tags: 
  - frontend
contacts:
  - Valdorff
---

## Summary
Create a non-custodial staking as a service option similar to AllNodes. 

# Eligibility
Team ramana (ramana, Looking For Owls), and NeverAnIsland are eligible for this bounty.

## Required Milestones

### Milestone B1 - Working Product
**Payout:** $5,000
* Triggered when the project is up and running, enabling any user to create and run a validator on mainnet.
* Partially covers infrastructure and development costs to reach this phase.
* Must be achieved by December 1, 2024.

### Milestone B2 - Monthly Support + Subsidy
Once milestone B1 has been completed (regardless of whether the payout for B1 has been awarded or not).
**Hard cap per team:** $20,000

**Monthly Baseline Infrastructure Payment
Amount:** $300 per month per team. Must be renewed every six months through the GMC's awards process.

**Validator Subsidy**
GMC pays the users’ fees to the service for running their validator(s):
- The number of validators being run by the project (and for how long) will be reported to the GMC in an independently verifiable way
- Reported to GMC monthly on or before the 11th.
- May be structured as matching funds (with a multiplier) rather than total subsidy, so that users are still invested in paying fees themselves (and expecting to do this in the future e.g. when the GMC cap is reached).
- Maximum subsidy per validator: $5/month

**Example Calculation:**
- Scenario: Vrün operating 100 validators with a $5/month fee per validator
- Monthly GMC payment to Vrun: $500 (validator subsidy) + $300 (baseline) = $800 total


### Milestone C - Scaling
**Payout:** $60,000  

* You must provide evidence of a functioning and scalable product.
* The product must be meet the the specification requirements laid out in Milestone A.
* Block proposals made by users of the Rocket Pool contracts within the product must exceed 5% of the proposals made by users of Allnode's Rocket Pool service over the period of a week. 
* Must be completed within six months of the completion of milestone A.
* Must be completed by the same party to complete Milestone A, unless that party has explicitly granted consent for completion by another party.
* Must be achieved by March 1, 2025.

## Further Notes

The service need not be identifical to AllNodes. For example, it could require running something very lightweight on a home computer, which could be run on a primary machine (as opposed to dedicated hardware).

## Updates

* 2024-09-03 - NeverAnIsland's proposal was accepted to revise the deadline and the B2 conditional clarity.
* 2024-08-26 - Milestone B was revised with Milestone B1 and Milestone B2.
* 2024-03-05 - Both team ramana (ramana, Looking For Owls) and NeverAnIsland are eligible for the remaining milestones, and upon completion, they will share the award. However, if only one project reaches completion, it will receive the entire award.
* 2024-02-17 - Team ramana (ramana, Looking For Owls), and NeverAnIsland complete milestone A to deliver a full product specification. They both are eligible for the full award of milestone A.

## Verification
* The GMC must approve each milestone.
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange review of each milestone as it is completed.

## Resources
* [AllNodes](https://www.allnodes.com/)
