---
code: BA092402
title: Resolve Smartnode Github Issues
proposal-author: Patches
definition-author: LFW
creation-date: 2024-02-16
external-status: open
summary: Resolve one or more of four specific issues posted on the Smartnode GitHub repository.
reward: 
  unit: USD
  max: 1800
  min: 200
repeatable: false
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-9-gmc-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-february-11/2635/3
skillsets:
  - development
tags: 
  - golang
contacts:
  - Patches
---

## Summary 

Resolve one or more of four specific issues on the Smartnode GitHub repository. This bounty includes only the four issues described in the milestones below. 

## Milestones

These milestones may be completed individually, in any order, or by separate bounty hunters.

### Milestone B - Issue #438
**Payout:** $1000  

[Networks should not be hard-coded](https://github.com/rocket-pool/smartnode/issues/438)
* Submit a pull request to the Smartnode repository that resolves issue #438.
* You must test the new functionality thoroughly before submitting the PR. 
* Your PR must be merged into the repository by a member of the Rocket Pool core team and this issue closed as completed.
* Check in with Patches first to discuss your solution before starting work. 

## Further Notes

* [Correct rocketpool_node approximate rpl reward panel for RPIP-30 changes](https://github.com/rocket-pool/smartnode/issues/439)
  * This will make the “Approx. RPL at Next Checkpoint” metrics more accurate for RPIP-30
* [Networks should not be hard-coded](https://github.com/rocket-pool/smartnode/issues/438)
  * This will make smartnode maintenance easier by adding a networks.yml file that makes it easy to add and remove networks (such as deprecating goerli/prater). Currently changing the supported smartnode networks requires changing the binary.
* [[bug] Watchtower fails to fall back to archive EC in generateRewardsTree when primary ec isn't useful](https://github.com/rocket-pool/smartnode/issues/397)
  * This will improve oDAO treegen reliability. The solution is in the ticket, it just needs to get added to the code and tested.
* [Feature Request: rocketpool service prune and rocketpool service reset](https://github.com/rocket-pool/smartnode/issues/323)
  * These commands are more ergonomic and will make the burden in #support slightly lessened.

## Verification
* A member of the core team will review the contents of your pull requests.  
* Patches will review the contents of your pull requests.
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange these reviews once you have completed a milestone and created a Pull Request.

## Updates
* 2024-03-12 Milestone B in progress by activescott
* 2024-03-12 Milestone A completed by Cayos
* 2024-03-12 Milestone C completed by 0xFornax
* 2024-03-12 Milestone D completed by activescott

## Resources
* [Rocket Pool Smartnode Repository](https://github.com/rocket-pool/smartnode/)
