---
code: BA112404
title: Support Template Documentation Integration
proposal-author: LongForWisdom
definition-author: LongForWisdom
creation-date: 2024-05-01
external-status: open
summary: Integrate RocketWatch discord bot support content into the official or unofficial Rocket Pool documentation portals.
reward: 
  unit: USD
  max: 5500
  min: 500
repeatable: false
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-11-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-april-7/2776/6
skillsets:
  - protocol-knowledge
  - general-writing
  - review
tags: 
  - documentation
contacts:
  - LongForWisdom
---

## Summary 
Review the contents of RocketWatch support templates, organizing them into one of four lists based on your recommended action. Action the lists, moving useful information out of the discord bot template into the official and unofficial documentation portals. Create a maintenance plan to cover this work in the future as support templates are added or changed.

## Required Milestones

### Milestone A - Content Review
**Payout:** $500
* Review the current contents of the RocketWatch support templates. A link to a snapshot of the content is listed in the resources section. **Obtain an updated snapshot from the RocketWatch bot [maintainer](https://discordapp.com/users/410507226223083531/) prior to starting work on this Milestone.**
* Organize the contents into four lists, corresponding to the below:  
  1. This content should be added to the official documentation.
  2. This content should be added to the unofficial documentation.
  3. This content should remain solely as a support template entry (may be meta-specific to Discord, have no direct bearing on Rocket Pool, etc).
  4. This content is no longer relevant and should be removed from the support bot.

The official versus unofficial documentation decision is a judgment call that will need to be made for each entry.

### Milestone B - Documentation Integration + Support Template Updates
**Payout:** $2,000  
**Maximum Payout:** $4,000  

Action the changes implied by the lists created in Milestone A. 

For List #1 (official documentation entries):
  * Rewrite the content as needed to suit a documentation page or an FAQ entry rather than a discord message.
  * Add the content to the official Rocket Pool documentation. The ideal location may vary depending on the support content. Likely targets are the [Overview FAQ](https://docs.rocketpool.net/overview/faq), the [Guides Section](https://docs.rocketpool.net/guides/), or the [Node FAQ](https://docs.rocketpool.net/guides/node/faq).
  * Create a PR containing the new entries on the documentation GitHub and respond to any review feedback.
  * Modify the support template entry to include a brief, single-paragraph answer and a link to the official documentation page or heading.

For List #2 (unofficial documentation entries):
  * Rewrite the content as needed to suit a documentation page or an FAQ entry rather than a discord message. 
  * Add the content to the unofficial Rocket Pool documentation. You will need to create an appropriate section.
  * Create a PR containing the new entries on the documentation GitHub and respond to any review feedback.
  * Modify the support template entry to include a brief, single-paragraph answer and a link to the unofficial documentation page or heading.

For List #3, no actions are required.

For List #4 (obsolete or irrelevant content):
  * Speak to the author or last editor of the support template to confirm that this content is obsolete or irrelevant.
  * Speak to the RocketWatch Bot [maintainer](https://discordapp.com/users/410507226223083531/) to have obsolete entries removed.

Payout will scale from minimum to maximum based on the quality of writing and decision-making. 

### Milestone C - Maintenance Plan Creation
**Minimum Payout:** $200  
**Maximum Payout:** $1,000  

* Create a workable maintenance plan that will result in parity between documentation and support templates being maintained in the future. This could be one of:
  * A permissionless repeatable bounty
  * An ongoing grant for a specific individual to make periodic updates.
  * The responsibility is added to the workload for a Rocket Pool committee or unofficial group. 
* Note that the maintenance plan may allocate a budget if necessary.
* Milestones A and B must be completed before this milestone is eligible for completion.

The difference between the minimum and maximum payouts for this milestone will be awarded if the support template content and linked documentation entries are well maintained one year from the acceptance of the Maintenance Plan. This includes but is not necessarily limited to:
* Any new support templates that should have associated documentation entries must have them. 
* No dead links should be present within the support templates or documentation entries. 
* The information has been updated to remain accurate with the current state of the protocol and DAO.

## Further Notes

The overall goal here is to make the information contained in the support templates more useful and accessible. Actions taken to further that goal will be viewed favorably.

## Verification
* Milestone work submissions will be verified by the GMC.
* Please contact the GMC Administrator to arrange this once you have work to deliver.
* Submissions to documentation repositories must also be reviewed and approved by the maintainers of those repositories.

## Resources
* [2024-05-14 Dump of Support Bot Content](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10ApLiB-jE3_AZuP2TnUqt37wh7teUXjORR6INWD05lg/edit#gid=1504157335)
* [Official Rocket Pool Documentation](https://docs.rocketpool.net/)
* [Official Documentation GitHub](https://github.com/rocket-pool/docs.rocketpool.net)
* [Unofficial Rocket Pool Documentation](https://book.sprocketpool.net/)
* [Unofficial Rocket Pool Documentation GitHub](https://github.com/jshufro/rp-book/)