---
code: BA122401
title: Rocket Pool Support Payments
proposal-author: epineph
creation-date: 2024-05-28
external-status: open
summary: Support users within Rocket Pool's Discord support channel.
reward: 
  unit: USD
  max: 54000
  min: 54000
repeatable: true
expiry: August 31, 2024
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-12-call-for-bounty-applications-deadline-is-may-7/2919/2?u=shfryn
skillsets:
  - development
  - protocol-knowledge
  - node-operation
contacts:
  - ShfRyn
  - epineph
---

## Summary 
Provide support for questions posed by Rocket Pool community members in the # support discord channel; questions come largely from Node Operators and those hoping to be Node Operators. 

## Verification

Provide user support in the # support channel of discord, under the following terms:

1) Provide at least 1 hour of work providing #support discord channel in EACH of the three months June-August 2024, as measured by RocketScrape; *alternatively provide a total 15 hours TOTAL over those 3 months.
2) Within the first week of September 2024 a list of all potential awardees will be produced by GMC.
3) A two week period will follow where any community member can publicly or privately notify the GMC that a potential awardee was not providing support (for example, was requesting support) or not providing quality support (for example, multiple ineffective messages/farming). *Anyone offering # support can also petition to add their name to the list if they narrowly failed the initial inclusion criteria.
4) The GMC will investigate the # support record of any questioned potential awardee and designate either 0%, 50%, or 100% based on posts on # support channel. *The 50% level will be for users with approximately 25%-75% effective support messages. Potential awardees receiving 0% or 50% will be considered 0% or 50% for future # support bounties unless they specifically request and are granted re-evaluation.
5) The “cost” below will be split proportionally amongst all awardees based on time spent as measure by RocketScrape and adjustments based on investigation in (4); payment will be done during the next GMC distribution phase.
Note: No further # support retroactive awards will be considered for this timeframe to # support contributors.

Payments portionally split amongst all awardees based on adjusted hours worked per RocketScrape.

## Resources
* [RocketScrape](https://github.com/rocketpoolgmc/rocketscrape)