---
code: BA172401
title: rETH Growth Incubator
proposal-author: ShfRyn
creation-date: 2024-11-18
external-status: unavailable
summary: Generate actionable ideas for the GMC to rapidly increase rETH demand.
reward:
  unit: LUSD
  max: 10000
  min: 250
repeatable: true
application-url: https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/round-17-gmc-call-for-grant-applications-deadline-is-october-7/3252/3
skillsets:
  - general-writing
  - protocol-knowledge
tags: 
  - research
contacts:
  - Valdorff
---

## Summary

This bounty requests community members submit a brief/abstract with specific/actionable recommendations of mechanisms to increase rETH demand.

## Further Notes

This bounty requests community members submit a brief/abstract with specific/actionable recommendations of mechanisms to increase rETH demand.

Suggested length of 0.5-3 pages on any topic above, including specifically which topic or topics it is intended to answer. The brief should include both perceived benefits and suspected drawbacks/downsides, further research/data/decisions needed, specific actionable recommendations, and general implementation ideas. The brief does NOT have to be polished, complete data analysis, or specific code; it will NOT be judged on English proficiency, grammar, etc.

The brief should be a single work you can link to, rather than referring to a series of posts/threads. A single individual can submit multiple works. It can be posted as a single discord post, a forum post, a GitHub submission, an uploaded document, and any other form that can be easily viewed.

How long is the proposed bounty available for? Is it awarded to the first team to successfully claim it, or is it in some way divided among all such successful claims in the proposed availability period?
The submission period will be 21 days.

## Verification

An evaluation committee comprising a minimum of 3 members (preferably 5) will be appointed to assess the merit of each submission. The committee selection process will involve a combination of volunteers expressing their interest publicly and the GMC administrator reaching out for volunteers. The committee creation process is expected to last one week but can conclude at any time after the selection of 5 members. Members of the evaluation committee are ineligible for rewards from this specific bounty.

Each submission will be assessed on a scale of 1 to 5 in three categories: utility, innovativeness, and simplicity. The individual ratings in these categories will be summed to determine the overall score.

**Utility**
The practical value, applicability, and potential for driving rETH growth are essential in assessing a submission’s competitiveness against Lido’s staking options. Submissions should offer specific, actionable strategies to increase rETH demand, while demonstrating practicality and a strong potential for future success. High-impact proposals aligned with Rocket Pool’s technical infrastructure and DAO governance (pDAO) will be particularly valuable in promoting long-term growth.

**Innovativeness**
A submission is considered innovative if it introduces original and creative ideas aimed at driving rETH adoption. The evaluation will focus on how the submission presents new approaches to scaling rETH demand, breaking away from conventional methods and offering fresh perspectives, solutions, or strategies that could significantly differentiate Rocket Pool in the staking market.

**Simplicity**
The clarity of the concept, ease of communication, and feasibility of implementation are critical in evaluating submissions. Proposals that are easy to understand and execute, with minimal disruption to existing systems, will be prioritized. Simplicity ensures that research ideas can be swiftly implemented to deliver utility and help scale rETH demand efficiently. They will be graded on factors such as:

* Conversion to actionable items.
* Conversion to GMC bounty(s).
* Effective communication to the DAO for voting (if needed).
* Clear communication to the GMC or RP team for implementation.
* Successful implementation by the GMC or RP team.

Every serious submission will be considered.

Highly prized qualities will be: specific actionable recommendations, high impact, innovation/uniqueness of ideas, persuasive discussion, feasibility from both technical and political (pDAO) standpoints, format that can be easily converted into a GMC bounty.

Submissions with the highest cumulative scores will be awarded as follows:

* Tier 1 (1st place - 2nd place) - $2,000 each
* Tier 2 (3rd place - 5th place) - $1,000 each
* Tier 3 (6th place - 20th place) - $250 each
* Ineligible - The submission lacked clarity or detail

In the event of a tie, ranked choice voting will be used from data collected in the ‘Favorite Applications’ section. A maximum 10k USD will be dispersed based on these criteria. The default payout token will be RPL.

## Resources
* [rETH Growth Incubator Submissions](https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/submit-your-ideas-reth-growth-incubator/3340/11)
* [rETH Growth Incubator Reviewer Application](https://dao.rocketpool.net/t/call-for-reviewers-reth-growth-incubator/3339/5)
* [Rocket Pool Discord](https://discord.gg/rocketpool)