---
code: BA202501
title: Just Exit My Validators
proposal-author: Patches
creation-date: 2025-02-09
external-status: open
summary: A tool that allows node operators to exit their validators using just the mnemonic, removing the need for node access.
expiry: 
reward: 
  unit: USD
  max: 6,000
  min: 5,000
repeatable: false
skillsets:
  - development
  - protocol-knowledge
  - node-operation
tags: 
  - golang
contacts: Patches
---

## Summary
A tool that allows node operators to exit their validators using just the mnemonic, removing the need for node access. It should provide a UI that is locally downloadable, and interact with ethdo and the beaconcha.in API to sign and broadcast voluntary exit messages. The tool must support standard wallet formats and mnemonics, ensuring usability for a broad range of validators.

## Dependencies
The beaconcha.in v2 API must support message broadcasts before the final milestone payout can be completed.

## Required Milestones
### Milestone A - Initial Tool Development
**Payout:** $5,000
* Develop a tool that allows users to derive keys from a mnemonic
* Implement a UI that enables users to sign and submit voluntary exit messages
* Integrate ethdo for signing exit messages
* Support standard wallet formats, mnemonics, custom derivation paths, passphrases, and non-0 account indices
* Provide thorough documentation on usage and security best practices

### Milestone B - Integration with beaconcha.in v2 API
**Payout:** $1,000
* Update the tool to utilize the beaconcha.in v2 API for message broadcasts once it becomes available

## Further Notes
Security and code quality are critical. The tool must be verifiably trustworthy and undergo security audits to ensure its reliability. It should support an optional beaconcha.in API key to prevent IP-based rate limiting. It should be hosted on github.io from a community-controlled account, unless the GMC approves an alternative solution.

## Verification
Patches and / or anyone he recommends for verification.

## Resources
* [ethdo documentation](https://github.com/wealdtech/ethdo/blob/master/docs/usage.md)
* [beaconcha.in API documentation](https://beaconcha.in/api/v1/docs/index.html)
